104721,"Unquestionably 2018's best game, and an all-time open-world masterpiece. [Christmas 2018, p.89]"
104722,"It doesn’t matter if you are gamer, a human being, or an alien from another planet; Red Dead Redemption 2 is a title that you just can’t miss. The bar set by RDR2 is so high that even Rockstar itself will probably have a hard time raising it. One of the best releases in the history of digital entertainment."
104723,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is technically impressive; a well-made game and a visual jewel polished to the smallest detail: a masterpiece in every way. By displaying excellent writing and storytelling, developed character and plots, and a full array of activities, it stands one of the best open worlds to date. Rockstar Games once again stands as the creator of the most successful and influential works in the medium of interactive entertainment. We are probably facing the best game ever made by Rockstar Games."
104724,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is likely to go down as the best game of the generation. Rockstar has outdone themselves, delivering one of the biggest, richest, most engrossing open world games ever made. Whether you're an action fan, RPG fan, open world fan, or just want a great story, RDR2 has something for everyone."
104725,"Red Dead Redemption 2 lives up to everything and more with what Rockstar Games have promised. More importantly, the gameplay is enjoyable and accessible, the story engaging and the characters are interesting, however what Rockstar Games have achieved is creating a truly interactive, immersive and massive open-world game that feels solid and you can almost imagine that you are part of this world."
104726,"Rockstar knows quality like no other. Developers across the world will be learning from Red Dead Redemption 2 for a great many years to come. The care and attention to detail within is second to none, and the depth throughout the entirety of the game’s stunning open world, as well as every component that it encompasses, is unrivaled. Simply put, Red Dead Redemption 2 is not just ambitious and revolutionary, it’s a masterpiece."
104727,"Red Dead Redemption 2's vast, detailed and stunningly beautiful open world sits as the perfect backdrop for its compelling and well-paced story filled with epic set pieces. With deeper gameplay mechanics, a larger cast of diverse and interesting characters to meet, and a wealth of content from side objectives to mini-games, RDR2 is a shining example of what makes Rockstar's games so special. It might have been a long eight-year wait for a follow-up to Red Dead Redemption, but it's been well worth it as the game may go down as the greatest of this generation. Few games have ever had as much hype around them as this one, and yet few have ever met and even exceeded their expectations in the way Red Dead Redemption 2 has."
104728,"By whatever standard you want to apply, Red Dead Redemption II doesn’t just build on the accomplishments of its already impressive predecessor, it eclipses them. Much like the first Red Dead Redemption was unquestionably one of the high-water marks of the last generation, Red Dead Redemption II will be remembered as one of the most impressive achievements of this one."
104729,"Red Dead Redemption 2 isn't just a masterwork with an unparalleled attention in details and world development, but a real new milestone in its genre, capable of further shortening the distance between movies and games, but without sacrificing gameplay and complexity. A game that everyone should play."
104730,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is Rockstar's greatest game to date. It's also their most mature game in every aspect: technical, narrative and playable. Its slow pace may not be everyone's cup of tea, but if you're patient, the reward is the most lively and thrilling world we've ever had in a videogame, in which everything is seamlessly integrated."
104731,Red Dead Redemption 2 offers an unprecedented level of interaction with NPCs. Its level of detail and brilliant way of telling Arthur Morgan's story in a completely open adventure make the Rockstar game a masterpiece.
104732,"Despite some minor issues like stuttering in interiors, awkward camera angles in smaller houses, or the relatively slow start to story the campaign — Red Dead Redemption 2 simply overrides its small perceptible flaws with what is nothing short of a truly spectacular experience. Simply put, it is one of the best games ever made, setting a new standard for open world titles going forward."
104733,"This place Rockstar has crafted; the dewy plains, the flowery meadows, the snowy mountains, the swampy Bayou, the dense Saint Denis -- all of it. I just wanted to exist as one with it and feel alive within it. And that’s what I did, and continue to do. Horseshit-riddled streets and all. Rockstar, my dusty old hat is off to you. You’ve made this old videogame cowboy a very happy camper."
104734,"Red Dead Redemption 2 delivers the goods in a way that very little else has done before it, or quite possibly will do again."
104735,"Thanks to both its shocking cruelty and its awe-inspiring potential, this stunningly well-realised recreation of the Wild West is the first game world that truly mirrors our own. Rockstar’s latest playground is a place that’s equal parts brutal and beautiful, and somehow, like in our own reality, the weight of your decisions in this game world have just as much potential to delight you as they do to terrify."
104736,"One of the top three open-worlds of all time, and the best game Rockstar has ever made. An all-time Old West masterpiece."
104737,"Red Dead Redemption 2 stands shoulder-to-shoulder with Grand Theft Auto V as one of the greatest games of the modern age. It’s a gorgeous depiction of an ugly period that’s patient, polished, and a huge amount of fun to play, and it’s combined with Rockstar’s best storytelling to date."
104738,With Red Dead Redemption 2 Rockstar Games has set the bar so high that other games of this nature seem infinitesimally lesser because of its existence.
104739,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is not only a masterpiece of design philosophy and open-world expertise. Is a whole new world for the videogame industry: it does things that are unprecedented in entertainment media, and it does them perfectly."
104740,"The years spent shaping Red Dead Redemption 2 into what it is has been worth it. Rockstar hasn't just created a video game; it has created as close to a living, breathing digital world as can be. It's not so much something that you play, it's something that you visit and experience. Something you willingly get lost in... This is the new benchmark by which open world games will be measured, but none will be meeting its heady heights anytime soon."
104741,"Red Dead Redemption 2 raises the bar for sandbox adventure games. It’s organic in a way almost unseen in any genre, creating an authentic open world that is as cohesive as it is compelling. This title will set the bar for action adventure games for years to come."
104742,"I wish there was more I could say about the game. There is so much to discuss, but that would take away from the experience. Avoid spoilers, avoid videos of this game, just buy it, play it, and fall in love with this world the same way I did."
104743,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is what we all expected and then some. The game delivers on the fantasy of living as an outlaw in the old west, and may be one of the best open-world games ever made."
104744,"Red Dead Redemption 2 offers a world and a story so well crafted that it sometimes makes you forget you're in a video game.It's an instant classic, that will be talked about for a long time to come."
104745,"Red Dead Redemption 2 may not be perfect, but its minor shortcomings are like tiny blemishes on a stunningly beautiful face. In a way, they only serve as a reminder of how this world isn't made for perfection. Every single aspect of the game will put you into the very shoes of an outlaw roaming America with his gang as they try to escape the law long enough to make the money needed to disappear for good. It's an epic, memorable and engrossing tale which also elevates the open world genre to new heights with the brand new interaction system, a cast of memorable characters and a ton of high-quality content to play for a long time."
104746,"A stunning, elegiac western that features some of Rockstar's best writing to date, Red Dead Redemption 2 is also the studio's finest open-world to date, handcrafted with real, tangible care and attention, defying the boundaries of what a video game can be. Arthur Morgan will also inhabit a special place in your heart, as a likeable, relatable rogue striving to find his way in the world. Good ol' Arthur."
104747,"With its amazing open-world, well-written story and deep characters, Red Dead Redemption II is a roller-coaster full of emotions. Controls may feel a bit clunky at times, but still: this is a masterpiece."
104748,"While it has some notable but minor flaws, it's hard to argue that Red Dead Redemption 2 is not a masterpiece. The end result of the meticulous detail, wonderful writing and stunning looks is an open world that sets a new bar for believability, and a time and place I can't stop thinking about or wanting to be a part of."
104749,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an excellent prequel, but it's also an emotional, thought-provoking story in its own right, and it's a world that is hard to leave when it's done."
104750,"Few worlds are as well-realised as the one Rockstar has created for Red Dead Redemption 2. Thanks to some wonderful scripting and stellar performances, the characters you randomly meet in the wild are captured as well as the ones you spend most of your days around camp. How do you follow Red Dead Redemption? You make Red Dead Redemption 2."
104751,"Red Dead Redemption 2 was the first time playing a Rockstar game where my reaction went past interest to investment. I cared about what happened to these people, I cared about their stories and their lives, and there were moments where I was genuinely saddened or excited by what happened to them. And as the story winds toward its various conclusions, I was completely invested in them, hoping for the best, and fearing the worst. For someone there for the story, who wanted a game to feel fun more than they wanted it to feel comprehensive, I was completely absorbed."
104752,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an enjoyable sequel that builds on the foundation of its predecessor, with much to do and plenty to see, all wrapped up in some of the best visuals you've ever seen on a console. With great characters and satisfying action, it's a Wild West worth exploring."
104753,"Red Dead Redemption 2’s missteps are few. The autosaving system is a little bit cruel, leading you to replay failed missions not from a pivotal point, but often from the very beginning of the mission or the section; the game should have taken cues from Ubisoft’s Far Cry and implemented far more friendly checkpoint saves. And while horseback riding in this game is largely fantastic, it’s odd to spend so much time tapping a button just to create your horse’s pace. This is intuitive -- but it feels unnecessary at times, too. The entire Red Dead experience, though, feels fantastic overall."
104754,"Amazing not only for Western lovers. No other game has probably offered so many options to express yourself in the open world, and at the same time did not have such an interesting, rough and moving story. A magnificent experience, with a slightly slower start. [Issue#291]"
104755,"It’s simply incredible how much Rockstar has accounted for. But even beyond the jaw-dropping visuals, the diverse score, and the gameplay, the story is something special and memorable. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a must-play for its entertainment value, its boundary-pushing, and its place as a landmark moment in video games."
104756,"No open world game makes you feel as physically present as Red Dead Redemption 2. It’s a treat to inhabit. The story might feel a bit linear, but you’ll want to see it through, and your own journey awaits besides, over the open plains. [Issue#156, p.78]"
104757,"It's a game of restraint, but with some brutal sucker punches; the tale of a one-man cowboy army who is nothing without the people around him. It's a game about the fear of the future that reaches astounding new technical heights, and makes Rockstar's previous games look and feel like ancient history. It's a resounding triumph to which there is only one reasonable response - and an appropriate one, too. Hats off. [Christmas 2018, p.104]"
104758,"Unprecedented. A big, flawless game with a great story. One of the best titles, and not only for this generation of consoles."
104759,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a triumphant open world experience that has plenty of engaging content in terms of whacky activities and side quests, while all the same while delivering constant cinematic and believable human drama. This is so much more than «just a cowboy game» – it's a game whose many systems and rich universe feel quite unlike anything else."
104760,My cousin told me that the game made him feel glad to be alive. I couldn’t agree more.
104761,"Without being groundbreaking or revolutionary, Red Dead Redemption 2 does almost everything perfect. The level of polishing and the amount of content makes its “the beauty” and “the beast” at the same time. No matter what you decide to do in Red Dead Redemption 2, it's impossible not to notice the amazing level of detail."
104762,"Rockstar has done it again. Red Dead Redemption 2 has surpassed all the reference titles of its genre, becoming a masterpiece of video games. A title that marks a before and after in how the effort and dedication of a studio are able to take a generation of consoles to a new exponent, demonstrating that excellence is only reserved for a select few. If you like to get lost in an unforgettable world, this title is a must on your bookshelf."
104763,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is the best game of the current generation of gaming, and one that will definitely enter the pages of history."
104764,"Red Dead Redemption 2 will most likely be looked upon as a another title that pushed what can be done in an open world, and be marked as one the developer’s most crowning achievements in their long history making video games."
104765,"It is an incredible achievement in open world gaming, an intricate machine that disguises its machinery better than just about anything else that's come before. In addition to its lengthy and engrossing campaign, it delivers moments of emergent storytelling more compelling than anything I can ever remember playing. Graphically and aurally, it is top-to-bottom stunning."
104766,"Imagine an arthouse movie with summer blockbuster production values, as if Terrence Malick had been given a Star Wars movie. Imagine if Ubisoft had made Gone Home. Like Arthur Morgan himself, Red Dead Redemption 2 is meditative, laconic, a slow burn, drawn out and unhurried, sometimes even morose, more concerned with characters than spectacle. Let us go then, it suggests."
104767,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an absolute undisputed classic and a legend in the making, plus with Red Dead Online on the horizon, it looks like our adventures in the wild west are just beginning."
104768,"There is a constant question as to whether or not games are art. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a game that is going to be used as evidence for that argument from here on out. It is quite likely everything people who played Red Dead Redemption would want or need it to be. This game is, at times, a power fantasy that allows people to give in to baser instincts and revel in chaos. It is also an examination of honor and morality in a man who is callous and hardened. There are even times when it explores and embraces downtime in the same way a Studio Ghibli does, practically begging players to savor the vistas, watch wildlife, and enjoy the ride."
104769,"There can be no doubt that this is a landmark game. It is a new high water-mark for lifelike video game worlds, certainly, but that world is also home to a narrative portrait of the wild west that is unexpectedly sombre and not afraid to take its time."
104770,"If only I could give Red Dead Redemption 2 a higher score that 10, I would. This is by far the best open-world game that has ever graced the face of Earth. No other sandbox can even dream of holding a candle to Rockstar's newest gun-blazing, incredibly detailed Western epic. I envy all of you, who are yet to embark upon this fantastic journey and discover all the secrets this game holds. Truly, I could wipe my memory clean just to be able to experience that world once again. A true gem of the most noble kind."
104771,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is the game that I would like to keep playing for years. The wild west is marvelous and full of interesting events. The story is both solid and attractive. What's more, the interactive system makes a great progress and you can interact with nearly everyone in various ways, and it feels really real. RDR2 definitely will be one of the greatest video games of all time."
104772,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a magnificent open world game and one of the greatest games of all time. Its world offers unmatched attention to detail, the combat is excellent, and the story is among the best in a AAA game."
104773,"The new North Star for Open-world games. Details, narrative and basically everything, are impressive. With Red Dead Redemption 2 Western setting had its first real huge tribute since the golden age of the classic movies."
104774,"This is a powerhouse of a video game, one of the finest, built by people at the top of their game and under intense pressure, lest we forget. As it is, they remind us of what games can be, creating a majestic sense of place and time and allowing you to play your role in the way only this medium allows. So, if you’ll excuse me, I have another train to, er, ‘catch’."
104775,"A game of unparalleled scope and ambition, with breathtaking visuals, a broad-ranging but intimate story, and an incredible sense of identity and purpose, Red Dead Redemption 2 will go down as one of the greatest games of the generation, and perhaps video game history."
104776,"Rockstar launches the best video game in its history thus far. A titanic development for a first category product that presents a gigantic world, with an unprecedented depth and an interaction that marks a step forward in the electronic entertainment industry. Top notch."
104777,"There's a new sheriff in the open-world action game genre in town. Red Dead Redemption 2 is sure ambitious but it succeeds everywhere he travels: exploration, gunfights, stealth, main quest, characters, side quests, customization, acting, hunting, fishing... Name one element, it delivers. And it sure looks like one of the best looking games ever seen and has many secrets yet to be discovered. And so it can be considered as a masterpiece, an extraordinary, legendary game that we will talk about with sincere admiration for ages."
104778,"Red Dead Redemption 2 tests the boundaries of interactive immersion. Few games look this good, play this well, and have this much to offer. It begs you to slow down, turn every page of its dramatic tale, and savor every last breathtaking detail. It challenges you to be prepared for anything, and make the right decisions when your choices matter most. Arthur Morgan is the lead, but the world takes center stage to pull you in. With a list of challenges left to finish and an online mode launching soon, we plan to spend a lot more time in Rockstar’s unparalleled recreation of the old west."
104779,"Once again, Rockstar Games has achieved a new goal and standard when speaking of modern gaming development."
104780,"Red Dead Redemption 2 takes everything that made the first so spectacular and elevates it to a new level. It boasts an enthralling story, coupled with rock solid gameplay, and is perhaps one of the best games ever made."
104781,"Red Dead Redemption 2 brings to life the most vivid, immersive and alive Game World we’ve ever seen. The realistic gameplay mechanics, the smooth interaction with the NPCs and the game’s atmosphere send the gaming value of this title sky high. No matter the hype, no matter the wait, no matter the promotion, this game gives back to the gamers the lost hundreds of hours of contemporary repetitive gaming. In RDR2, every hour is pure gold."
104782,"Red Dead Redemption 2’s elusive, mysterious quality may be just that… it feels like every character in it has a soul. Considering the number of people across Rockstar’s entire studio roster that poured their blood, sweat and tears into this game it is no wonder that it actually feels alive."
104783,"Red Dead Redemption 2 isn't just a great game. It's a game that sets an impossibly high new bar for how open-worlds can be handled. Its depiction of late 19th-century America feels both historically accurate yet abundantly open-ended, slow-paced and yet alive, grim and yet majestic. It makes the original Red Dead Redemption feel like a warm-up, the doodles on the page before the real thing has come to life."
104784,"Overall, Red Dead Redemption 2 is the perfect gaming experience, and what you were hoping for in the next iteration of the series. It has a rich story, deep gameplay, unrivaled visuals, and plenty of plains to explore."
104785,"What it comes down to is Rockstar’s intent to build a strongly realized and true to life facsimile of the 1890s — which they’ve done extraordinary well. So well, in fact, that I can’t ever go back to the first game anymore because I'm completely spoiled by this game’s offerings. Red Dead Redemption II is video game escapism at its finest and you’d be hard-pressed to find anything else this year that comes close to matching its accomplishments."
104786,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is, without a shred of doubt, a new masterpiece brought to us by Rockstar. The new entry by the company has managed to achieve excellence in gameplay, storytelling and technical aspects. In the end, Rockstar has been successful in pushing the franchise to its limits in order to create one of the most complete games of all time."
104787,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a shockingly amazing game. A big world, an intriguing story, relatable characters and an unparalleled scope for, may be, the best and biggest game of this generation of consoles thus far."
104788,"Rockstar Games has outdone itself again with Red Dead Redemption II. The up-close portrayal of the outlaw Van der Linde gang’s unraveling is a compelling companion story that blends seamlessly with the original game, and depth and breadth of the open world is a technical triumph that every gamer should experience."
104789,"One of the best open world games ever, with the single best story ever written for a videogame."
104790,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an immense, breathtaking experience that will be treasured for years to come."
104791,"Rockstar Games continues to prove that when it comes to creating games, it’s the master at pushing the boundaries of what can be achieved."
104792,"The hype being created for Red Dead Redemption 2 and the expectations of the passionate fan-base made a part of me believe that Rockstar Games could never deliver on all of their many promises. They did, and then some. From the feeling of a realistic living world they've created to the emotional bonds you build, Red Dead Redemption 2 is the video game experience of this generation."
104793,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a landmark title for storytelling, open-world design, voice acting, and immersion in video games. It is certainly among the best games of this console generation, but that's not all. It should eventually go down as one of the greatest games of all-time."
104794,"RDRII is a masterpiece —a game everyone who even slightly enjoys video games should play. It is not very innovative, but it excels at everything it does, creating a world and characters that will remain with us for a long, long time."
104795,"Victory of gaming as an art and the pinnacle of creativity in the gaming industry. A true, impeccably-polished masterpiece that will set standards for a decade to come."
104796,"Red Dead Redemption 2 redefines the open world genre. Arthur Morgan's journey through the late 1800s American frontier never reveals the stitches at its seams. Whether you're engaging in a massive shootout in a saloon or quietly enjoying a moment of reflection while fishing on a lake, it all feels like a part of Morgan's life. The level of detail is unsurpassed, and it's a game that wants you to take it slow and enjoy those small details. Rockstar took some risks in eliminating traditional gaming conveniences, but everything pays off in service of the greater experience. Red Dead Redemption 2 sets a new benchmark in detail, immersion, and cohesion that will be heralded for years to come. It's just about as perfect as a game can get."
104797,"Red Dead Redemption 2 not only lives up to expectations, but it smashes them and feels like the missing half of a story we never knew was incomplete. Improving on its predecessor in every way that counts, it also reignites interest in its landmark prequel, enhancing the overall experience to an epic scale and giving gamers an odyssey quite unlike any other."
104798,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a triumph in world-building, character craft and downright skulduggery. Being bad has never felt so good as Rockstar toe the realism line while still keeping their sharp, trademark tongue in cheek. It’s the keen attention to detail where Rockstar succeed and this outlaw prequel comfortably outperforms their best works and in time, I believe, will be regarded as a once in a generation game."
104799,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is Rockstar's best game, and it's gripping from start to finish. It sets a new bar for open world interaction, providing an absurd level of detail across the board. It's an immaculately polished release that pulls no punches in its delivery, pushing both brutally mature themes and perfectly placed satire. While its clumsy controls and convoluted button layouts can ruin the fun on occasion, it's easy enough to look past these flaws when everything else is of such a high quality. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a modern masterpiece."
104800,"An astounding triumph that will certainly stand above the pack this season, Red Dead Redemption 2 is a unique game about unique people. The writing, visuals, and gameplay combine to make an absolute standout of a title, one that has been well worth the wait."
104801,"There was never any doubt that Red Dead Redemption 2 was going to be good, but this is something special. A masterpiece that many will be talking about for decades to come."
104802,Red Dead Redemption 2 is a game of rare quality; a meticulously polished open world ode to the outlaw era.
104803,"A titanic videogame, a masterpiece that, like everything, will have passionate lovers and other players who will not get too caught up. Everything also depends on thematic genre and preferences. Maybe not everyone likes stories of 'Indians and cowboys'. But this interactive universe created by Rockstar tells a fantastically-constructed story and allows us to live a unique adventure. And for that reason, we believe that this production touches excellence. And for that, it establishes the first 10 in the history of IGN Spain. Good trip, cowboys!"
104804,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an absolute masterpiece, a true unique gaming experience. With its realistic and lifelike open world, Rockstar Games redefines what's possible in terms of interactive environment. Better yet, RDR2 is almost perfect on the technical standpoint with mesmerizing graphics, incredibly rich gameplay and one of the best stories ever written. An instant cult classic. [Actual score = 21/20, or 105]"
104805,"Rockstar's eye for detail, presentation and tongue-in-cheek-storytelling makes this one an instant classic. Red Dead Redemption 2 is the ultimate Wild West sandbox-experience everyone has been waiting so very patiently for. It gives us more of everything we loved about the original and then takes it to a completely new level."
104806,"Whether I'm hunting a legendary animal, participating in a story mission, playing a game of poker, or just exploring the world I've absolutely adored every moment I've spent with the game. It more than fulfills every hope and desire I'd garnered as my anticipation for it grew over the last several years. The phenomenal narrative and performances are emotionally impactful, and the depth of interactivity embedded into the pristinely polished gameplay is nothing short of groundbreaking. Rockstar have outdone themselves with Red Dead Redemption 2 as it ushers in a new era of what the medium is capable of achieving. At this point, I can't wait to start again to explore a different playstyle and especially jump into Red Dead Online."
104807,"Red Dead Redemption 2 aimed high in delivering players a living, breathing world, and it has surely hit its mark as Rockstar’s deepest, most immersive experience yet."
104808,"Criticisms often come easier than compliments, but in the case of Red Dead Redemption 2, I am at a loss. This is one of the most gorgeous, seamless, rootinest, tootinest games ever made, and if you voluntarily miss out on it, you’re either not a gamer or in a coma."
104809,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is the most ambitious open world ever made. A new starting point for the genre, and an incomparable masterpiece."
104810,"The astounding thing about RDR 2 is that there's not only a staggering amount of story, side quests, and places to explore but that it's all high quality and doesn't feel tacked on. The high level of craftsmanship in this game is evident in all its aspects, and it's genuinely one of the best games of this generation of gaming."
104811,"Rockstar delivers a masterpiece in every aspect. Its organic and evolving open world, characters, storyline and gameplay mechanics made us feel ""free men"". Red Dead Redemption 2 also brings the best technical elements of this generation."
104812,"It’s astonishing how many animations, dialogues and scripted behaviors were made for this game, and how well they work with each other to create such a complex, immersive world. [Issue #233, p.38]"
104813,"Huge, technically incomparable and full of things to do: the Western epic from Rockstar Games manages to repeat the success of the first chapter, creating one of the most impressive video games of all time."
104814,"There is now way to explain this masterpiece with a few words. All we can say is, that's a next generation game, before next generation and it's amazing."
104815,"Red Dead Redemption 2 turned out better then we could ever have hoped for. Rockstar knows how to create a vast open world teeming with life, in which Arthur and the Van der Linde gang seek fortune and glory. A new standard for action adventure games has been established."
104816,"Whoever is willing to invest in this game will receive the biggest payoff this year could ever give. Rockstar deserves the ultimate respect for taking so many risks, that had no right to unfold as they did in the end. Once again Rockstar Games doesn't set the bar higher, but kicks it into a thousand pieces."
104817,"RDR2's start is slow, measured, but as the layers begin to unfold and the scope of the game's sandbox is known, you see just how impressive it all really is. This is easily a top candidate for one of the greatest open world RPGs of all time."
104818,"Rockstar has done a brilliant job blending an open-world game experience with the freedom of discovery and balancing that with the tightly woven narrative. Nearly 3,000 people are listed as contributors to the game. I don’t know if we’ll see the like of this again. Red Dead Redemption 2 is an amazing work of art."
104819,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is as much an experience as it is a game. It will completely immerse you in the Old West, giving you an understanding for what life was like during the end of the 19th Century and making you appreciate what it must feel like when your way of life is coming to an end in a changing world. Rockstar has outdone itself in creating such a rich and deep virtual world, and you'll love every minute that you spend exploring it."
104820,"It raises the bar in almost all areas to a new level, which will probably be impossible to beat for all competitors at least in this generation. Red Dead Redemption 2 is another rock star masterpiece and an example of what modern video games are capable of, both narrative and staged, but above all, technically capable. The best game for this console generation so far."
104821,Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece that every player should play. It simply evolves the open world genre with a host of new ideas.
104822,"The first new game from Rockstar for this generation of consoles doesn't disappoint, it is as impressive as you hoped it to be."
104823,Red Dead Redemption 2 shows us what modern open world games should look like. It offers a huge Wild West world where you'll want to stay as long as possible.
104824,"This game is not for everybody, but this is not the full simulator people might have expected. You can do that if you want, but you have a choice to just go through the sixty hour story. Whichever you may choose: take your time."
104825,"This is one of the best games of this generation. Memorable characters, amazing missions and action are combined in a grown up story that reinvents itself again and again. Terrific!"
104826,"With its amazing open-world, well-written story and deep characters, Red Dead Redemption II is a roller-coaster full of emotions. Controls may feel a bit clunky at times, but still: this is a masterpiece."
104827,Despite stumbling at the very beginning Red Dead Redemption 2 cements Rockstar Games’ place at the very top of the games industry. It’s been eight years and well worth the wait.
104828,"The game is a fascinating study of a conflicted man who knows right from wrong, but doesn't always allow this knowledge to inform his decisions...He's a classic antihero: A bad man seemingly headed for tragedy who we nonetheless like, root for, and want to see make better choices."
104829,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is not just a great game, it's a digital artwork that completely blurs the line between movies and games with ground-breaking gameplay and storytelling, stunning images and an unprecedented living world with a lot to discover."
104830,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a story of endings and new beginnings, of the birth of legends and the consequences that come with creating a myth. It’s all wrapped up in an immaculate presentation, told over dozens of hours and adventures that leads to an inevitable conclusion: Red Dead Redemption 2 raises the bar for the sandbox genre and stands tall as the definitive western game of this or any other generation."
104831,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is the epitome of ambition and like most things Rockstar, will meet the expectations associated with it."
104832,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is the best game Rockstar Games has ever made, as it deftly combines one of the richest open worlds ever made with one of the most compelling stories of this generation."
104833,What a powerful outlaw opera! Visually and in terms of storytelling Rockstar exceeds all expectations. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a remarkable game that will be talked about and referenced for years to come.
104834,"Red Dead Redemption 2 offers epic missions, a large number of sub-missions, and high-quality dialogue that brims with originality and changes depending on how you play. It should be said that the emergent encounters feel contrived rather than truly random. However, a map that skillfully withholds information until the right time, layered status systems and gunfights filled with invention, the fusion of the Wanted system and the story, and the excellent storytelling and how this ties in to the previous game – all these elements are worthy of high praise."
104835,RDR2 is one of the best games of recent years that gives all the other popular “sandboxes” a thorough ass-kicking.
104836,"While I’m slightly disappointed that a game reportedly containing 500,000 unique lines of dialogue still isn’t interested in telling a tight three-act story, RDR2 is without a doubt Rockstar’s best game to date. It offers their strongest cast of characters, their most detailed open world, and an appropriate pace to allow both to coexist. Rockstar more or less invented the modern sandbox game, and it’s a joy to see them finally breaking new ground again."
104837,"Just as the countless reviews for this cowboy simulator will pontificate on how Rockstar may have just created the most “alive” world of this generation, none of it should ignore that an actual team of human beings reportedly sacrificed and struggled to breathe life into it."
104838,"Both its triumphs and its failures live at grand extremes: maddening, beautiful and awesome. The game hits each every one of its moments with grace and force, whether they're bombastic gunfights or a small moment on a boat in a lake outside Blackwater. I'm leaving my playtime overwhelmed, emotional and drained in a way that I haven't quite felt since the original Red Dead Redemption."
104839,"Eight years after the masterpiece that was Red Dead Redemption, Rockstar Games is taking a second shot. New protagonist Arthur Morgan gets a better supporting cast, an absolutely beautiful open world with more visual variety, and a ton of things to kill or collect. There's some occasional tedium in travel, and a few bugs and annoyances, but nothing that prevents Red Dead Redemption 2 from being an excellent game."
104840,"It wouldn’t surprise me if I ended up spending 200 hours on a single save, then loading it back up in a few months to do it all again. Whether I’m chasing the thrill of a daring train robbery, or the serenity of a solo camping trip, Red Dead Redemption 2 is an open-world game I will return to time and time again."
104841,"Red Dead Redemption II is exactly the kind of game you'd expect from Rockstar. The open world is vast but filled with many things to do. The side missions are just as exciting as the main ones, and the minigames prove to be good distractions if you somehow start to get bored with any of the missions. The story is perhaps the strongest the studio has had in years, with loads of memorable characters and good pacing, and RDR2 does all of this with a top-notch presentation. For a game that many have said would easily be in the running for numerous end-of-year awards, RDR2 certainly makes a strong case for itself."
104842,"Few single-player experiences excel simultaneously at telling a deep and poignant story, whilst also providing the player with such a huge extent of freedom and possibility. The universe is exceedingly broad, varied, and beautiful, not to mention overflowing with interesting characters, wildlife, and things to do. The sense of polish and finer details really bring things together, along with the excellent musical score, fantastic voice acting and the title's intense and visceral cinematic qualities. Fans of the original Red Dead Redemption will be enamoured by the sequel. It doesn't just accentuate the West, but animates it on a new level, with a greater sense of life, community, and narrative. It's epic."
104843,"An incredible technical achievement and a hugely accomplished Western epic that, despite a few minor flaws, represents Rockstar Games’ most engaging and ambitious work so far."
104844,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is an excellent prequel, but it's also an emotional, thought-provoking story in its own right, and it's a world that is hard to leave when it's done."
104845,"Rockstar has created the single most immersive Wild West game yet, with an intelligently-written story, a compelling core cast of characters, highly-engaging scenarios and a diverse open world to explore. The visuals are also truly stunning, with a substantial amount of detail put into each environment and character model, not to mention the extraordinary lighting techniques."
104846,"Surprising absolutely no one, Red Dead Redemption 2 is easily a game of the year contender, if not the winner. Rockstar Games knocks it out of the park once again."
104847,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a gorgeous and enormous open world game that you can easily get immersed in while the hours tick away. Its amazing visuals, intricate world, and realistic cast of characters make it a must-have game for this generation."
104848,"Red Dead Redemption 2‘s attention to detail, engaging storytelling and beautiful graphics make it a must-play game. Despite some clunky control schemes and questionable new features, Red Dead Redemption 2 was a wonderful experience that offered a nice change of pace that separates itself from other open world games."
104849,"As far as the narrative itself, it’s brilliant and terrible. It’s epic and overlong. It’s moving and predictable. Inspiring and exhausting. It is an achievement in video game writing, acting, directing, and motion capture. It will win awards. It will be remembered long after the game itself is rendered unplayable by the advance of technology. It is also gratuitously self-indulgent, derivative, and too goddamn long."
104850,"It is possibly the best open world that you can visit, held back by a main story that’s a bit too archaic. On the whole, it’s still highly enjoyable, so I would still highly recommend you dig into it. You’ll definitely get your money’s worth."
104851,"Red Dead Redemption 2's evocative, often beautiful sense of place exists insofar as it is still convenient to the player, which harms some of the desperation and hardship the game means to convey."
104852,"Red Dead Redemption II is a technical marvel, attempting to encapsulate one man’s story in the West. It succeeds in crafting an enrapturing world but not without some uncomfortable compromises. Buy it."
104853,"This is a generation-defining release...It's a landmark moment for the open world genre, and for the medium as a whole."
104854,"Red Dead 2 feels like a game that you can play for months and months. It's a world that is extremely easy to get lost in, wherein a masterful collection of details are all working together to trigger your senses into believing everything you see. There's no shortage of original, compelling gameplay to take part in and it goes without saying that no two playthroughs will look alike."
104855,"An astounding open world unlikely to be rivalled until well into the next gen, saddled by a throughline from the last. [Eurogamer Recommended]"
104856,"But there is a pulse pumping through this techno-artistic marvel. This game has heart; the kind of heart that is difficult to pin down but impossible to deny. It is a wonderful story about terrible people, and a vivacious, tremendously sad tribute to nature itself. There is so much beauty and joy in this expensive, exhausting thing. Somehow that makes it even more perfect—a breathtaking eulogy for a ruined world, created by, about, and for a society that ruined it."
104857,This sequel makes both the first game and John Marston's overall story better and more meaningful. Red Dead Redemption 2 is at once a startling evolution of the Rockstar Games formula and everything a fan could hope for from a Red Dead Redemption sequel.
104858,"The game takes its time coming into focus, but when it does, it’s a remarkably sober, stately experience, telling a large story through measured interactions and a handful of rich but clearly defined systems."
104859,"As a game, Red Dead Redemption 2 is inspired and brilliant, as the product of a 60+ hour work week should be at bare minimum. As an overly detailed cowboy simulator, not so much. Fortunately, Red Dead is big enough for everybody, no matter their tastes or levels of patience. [Jimpressions]"
104860,The most convincing open-world game ever made.
104861,"Red Dead Redemption 2 is a brave prequel that isn’t afraid of taking risks. It is innovative, surprising, stunning, dramatic, and generous - a highlight of this generation and a benchmark for other open world games to aspire to."
